When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work
local?

    A remote repository allows me to use multiple computers to work on one
    project. Also I can collaborate with people, and if my hard drive dies,
    I will still have my whole project if it is on a remote repository.

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git
automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

    If the project has multiple collaborators, when the other people push their
    commits to the remote repository, you might not want their code yet,
    especially if you are going to have merge conflicts with their code.

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches.  When would you
use one instead of another?

    Forks are clones of someone else's repository, but they are on a remote
    repository. Clones are identical to the cloned repository, but they are
    on your local machine. Branches are different lines in which commits can be
    made in one branch and not affect the other. Forks are used to make a copy
    of someone else's repository, but you also want to keep it remote. Clones
    are used to download someone's repository to your computer and branches
    are used to collaborate with others without affecting their code.

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote
stored locally?

    It makes there be less merge conflicts, so your code will work better
    because the code is the most up to date.

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub?  What would be easier,
and what would be harder?

    One could collaborate on Google Docs. This would be easier because I
    wouldn't have to push and pull every time I make a change, but finding
    code errors would be more difficult because docs updates all the time rather
    than every logical change. Also docs can't run code, it can merely store text.

When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in
master?  What benefits does each approach have?

    Fill in your answer here
